Meeting Title: AI Assisted Product Process Definition, Validation Exercise OnSite
Date: Apr 27
Meeting participants: Guillermo Salas

Transcript:
 
Them: More than that. It includes at least five different  
Me: That includes at least five different  
Them: major product impacts, including a completely  
Me: major product impacts including a completely  
Them: two completely net new products that have to get built. So  
Me: two completely net new products that have to get So  
Them: telehealth is not like one thing. It's  
Me: telehealth is not, like, one thing. It's  
Them: a bunch of work that gets to get done on the AI Scribe product. So it's like an extension  
Me: a bunch of work that gets to get done on the AI Scribe product. So it's like an extension  
Them: adding a whole crap ton of features to AI Scribe that don't exist today. That's one product impact.  
Me: adding a whole crap ton of features to AI Scribe that don't exist today. That's one product impact. Another product impact is we have to stand up a telehealth connect,  
Them: Another product impact is we have to stand up a telehealth connect skill  
Me: per care agent.  
Them: for care agent completely net new.  
Me: Completely net new.  
Them: Zero to one. There's also the video wrapper, which Andrew has already  
Me: Zero to one, There's also the video wrapper, which Andrew has already  
Them: Andrew was not looking forward to going to Manchester Park apparently,  
Me: Andrew was not looking forward to going to Manchester Park apparently.  
Them: and stood up the video wrapper over the weekend because he's been wanting to demo it.  
Me: Stood up the video wrapper over the weekend because he's been wanting to demo it.  
Them: So, I'll go look at that. Stand about it this morning. So  
Me: So I'll go look at that. Stand up on the screen. So yeah. Threatened people was happy to go to Machezi Park, suddenly it came  
Them: yeah. Threaten people with having to go to Matchesi Park, and suddenly it kicks them in the ass.  
Me: them in the ass.  
Them: And then on the other part of telehealth is, we have to build there's a whole bunch of other product impacts that touch  
Me: And then on the other part of telehealth was, we have to build. There's a whole bunch of other product impacts that it touch.  
Them: payments, that touch e reg. It's a very complicated  
Me: Payments, touch e reg, very complicated  
Them: product. It's not like it's hard to wrap your arms around just, one thing.  
Me: product. It's not like it's hard to wrap your arms around just, one thing.  
Them: So  
Me: We could I mean, we could say,  
Them: could I mean, we could say, oh, great. Let's just build the telehealth connect skill.  
Me: great. Let's just build the telehealth connect skill.  
Them: Because it's a zero to one. Or you could say, let's just have Isaac focus on  
Me: Because it's a zero to one. Or you could say, let's just have Isaac focus on  
Them: building the AI scribe side of it.  
Me: the AI scribe side of it.  
Them: And you froze.  
Me: He froze. Yeah. He froze. I was gonna say it's a me, but no. He is completely froze. Totally frozen. Let's see if he's still there. Alright.  
Them: Well, you froze for I have that. That's probably minute.  
Me: Well, you froze for I've had this probably minute.  
Them: Minute or so.  
Me: Minute or so. Yeah. And  
Them: In I know where I left off.  
Me: I know where I left off.  
Them: You were saying that it is there was  
Me: Were saying that it is there was scribe and then the Yeah. The skill.  
Them: scribe and then the Yeah. The skill. Impact. All these multiple impacts. And so it's hard to, like,  
Me: And There's all these multiple impacts. And so it's hard to, like, as a as a thing to, like, put a  
Them: as a as a thing to, like, put a one, you know,  
Me: one you know, to move forward quickly. I just don't know. Like,  
Them: to move forward quickly, I just don't know. Like, I wouldn't recommend it at  
Me: I wouldn't recommend it at  
Them: the Duke separate, but just because of the complexity.  
Me: the new separate, but because of the complexity.  
Them: I would say if you wanted to do something on-site and you wanted to go fast,  
Me: I would say if you wanted to do something on-site and you wanted to go fast, it's not the same local people. But  
Them: it's not the same local people, but Tyrus,  
Me: Heath, Tyrus, Nick,  
Them: Nick, this guy Daniel, right, they're trying to get visit out the door.  
Me: this guy, Daniel. Right? They were trying to get visit concierge out the door.  
Them: They already have a lot of the product documentation done, but they're trying to pick up  
Me: They already have a lot of the product documentation done, but they're trying to pick up the pieces from Locus still, and that project could  
Them: the pieces from Locus still. And that project could so benefit  
Me: so benefit from having, a hackathon type approach. Right? Like,  
Them: from having, like, a hackathon type approach. Right? Like, get people on-site, get them using the new tools,  
Me: get people on-site, get them using new tools, get them moving faster because there's there's  
Them: get them moving faster because there's there's a bunch of work that's been identified as, like, needing to get done and, like,  
Me: a bunch of work that's been identified as, like, needing to get done. And I I think getting here  
Them: I think getting Heath and  
Me: and  
Them: everyone to just focus and get it done is tough, but the documentation is already there.  
Me: everyone to just focus and get it done is tough, but the documentation is already there.  
Them: That would require  
Me: But that would require  
Them: getting, like,  
Me: getting, like,  
Them: a bunch of people that local.  
Me: a bunch of people that aren't local.  
Them: Into the  
Me: So maybe we can include them on something the following week. Here, and and I hear you. I'm I'm gonna push back a little bit just based on the general premise that number one, is that trying to take opportunity of something in the short term that doesn't necessarily need to be ideal, but I hear you on the  
Them: Like, what would you  
Me: there's  
Them: it's just  
Me: just I wanna hear from you guys. Think about telehealth.  
Them: I wanna hear from you guys. Think about telehealth. What are you gonna build?  
Me: What are you gonna do? So we're not gonna build anything for telehealth. We're just going to make sure that we use AI in a consistent way to deliver on the templates  
Them: Okay.  
Me: that have been defined. For both the AI Scribe and and Care Agent. Right? So it's not necessarily been great.  
Them: Then great because we have the templates, and we already have the  
Me: Because we have the templates, and we already have the first draft.  
Them: first draft of a lot of that stuff done. And so if that's what you're gonna do,  
Me: A lot of that stuff done. And so if that's what you're gonna do,  
Them: getting all those people in the same room to get on the same page and, like,  
Me: Yep. Getting all those people in the same room to get on the same page and, like,  
Them: finalize up those documents so they're ready to go  
Me: finalize those documents so they're ready to go.  
Them: to the next step, that would be awesome. So if that's what you're doing,  
Me: To the next step, that would be awesome. That's that's the goal. That is primarily the goal.  
Them: do it. Right.  
Me: K.  
Them: And and we need we will need all of those touch points.  
Me: Because If they need, we will connect all of those cards points.  
Them: What our typical  
Me: What our typical  
Them: software development lifecycle process is we know we need all those touch points,  
Me: software development life cycle process is we know we need all those touch points, but we're only starting with this one because  
Them: we're only starting with this one. Because development has historically been the long pole in the tent. So  
Me: development has historically been the long pole in the tent. So  
Them: product has plenty of time to figure out  
Me: product has plenty of time to figure out  
Them: how they envision all these other touch points going.  
Me: how they envision all these other touch points going. And  
Them: And  
Me: development should be the long pull and the 10.  
Them: development shouldn't be the long pole in the tent. Anymore. It's gonna be, alright. We kinda gotta  
Me: Anymore. It's gonna be, alright, we kinda gotta  
Them: we we got some working code up and going with  
Me: we got some working code up and going. What we had defined.  
Them: what we had to find. Now we're ready to start talking about all those touch points, and  
Me: Now we're ready to start talking about all those touch points and  
Them: like, okay. Well, we had only kind of cursory looked at what that was gonna be doing.  
Me: we're like, okay. Well, we had only kind of cursory looked at what that was gonna be doing.  
Them: We really need to, when we have these kickoffs,  
Me: We really need to, when we have these kickoffs,  
Them: how do we envision all of these things working? Because there's gonna be a lot of fast  
Me: do we envision all of these things working? Because there's gonna be a lot of fast follows  
Them: follows assuming, right, we we provide  
Me: assuming we we provide  
Them: and we have the proper processes and templates in place  
Me: and we have the proper processes and templates and place for the agent agentic workflow, we should be able to spin up a  
Them: for the agent agentic workflow, we should be able to spin up a quite a few  
Me: you know, quite a few  
Them: agents to get the code out  
Me: agents to get the code out  
Them: pretty quick, and we're gonna start meet reaching those milestones  
Me: pretty quick, and we're gonna start meeting reaching those milestones  
Them: And, yeah, it's the block  
Me: and yeah, it's the blocker is then gonna be due to how fast can we  
Them: is then gonna be how fast can we feed  
Me: feed these agents requirements of what to do next.  
Them: these agents' requirements of what to do next. And so what we learned when we did the first on-site with Lauren is that  
Me: And so what we learned when we did the first down-site with Lauren is that  
Them: the team was given feedbacks. And, well, we kind of  
Me: the team was given feedbacks and, well, we kind of  
Them: once we got we unblocked our CICD pipeline,  
Me: once we got once we unblocked our CICD pipeline,  
Them: which we addressed, and now we're able to move a little bit faster is  
Me: we addressed, and now we're able to move a little bit faster is  
Them: they immediately came up because, like, okay. Now  
Me: immediately came up because, like, okay. Now we have to  
Them: we have to we know we have to integrate with some events in these other systems. What does that  
Me: know we have to integrate with some events in these other systems. What does that look like? Because  
Them: look like? Because the agents are ready to code that up.  
Me: the agents are ready to code that up, and we kind of like, wow. We'll get to that.  
Them: And we kind of like, well, we'll get to that. After you do this first bit. Well, that like, the next day,  
Me: After you do this first bit. Well, that like, the next day,  
Them: is when we were getting to that. So not  
Me: is when we were getting to that. So not having the the funnel  
Them: having the the funnel fully vetted out as much as we possibly can  
Me: fully vetted out as much as we possibly can  
Them: actually started to slow down that implementation.  
Me: actually started to slow down that implementation.  
Them: Yeah. No. I I did.  
Me: So what's funny is that that's exactly what you said, Ian. Right?  
Them: That's good. Can see you. Yeah.  
Me: Your deck. In your document?  
Them: Sorry?  
Me: Sorry? That that's that's the concept that you captured in your document. Right?  
Them: Yeah. No. I mean, I'm like, guys.  
Me: Implementation has gotten cheap.  
Them: Thousand percent. The thing that's tricky is that the product process is not as compressible.  
Me: Percent. The thing that's tricky is that the product process is not as compressible  
Them: We don't  
Me: We don't because a lot of the stuff we rely on is, like, going and having conversations with  
Them: because a lot of the stuff we rely on is, like, going and having conversations with customers and, like, waiting for the board to make business decisions about things.  
Me: customers and, like, waiting for the board to make business decisions about things.  
Them: It's not as compressible a process on the front end as it is  
Me: It's not as compressible a process on the front end as it is  
Them: on the code side now. Right? If you all the development cycle can now compress  
Me: on the code side now. Right? If you all the development cycles can now compress  
Them: because you've got agents can do this work.  
Me: because you've got agents can do this work.  
Them: But they can only do that work if we have the input context to give it to them.  
Me: They can only do that work if we have the input context to give it to them.  
Them: But gathering that input context is not a super compressed we don't have the same ability to compress.  
Me: But gathering that input context is not a super compressed we don't have the same ability to compress.  
Them: So what I was trying to get across, I guess, Chris, you haven't seen it, but that  
Me: So what I was trying to get across, I guess, Chris, you haven't seen it, but that  
Them: that framework is supposed to be, okay. The products  
Me: that framework is supposed to be, okay. Products the product part of this is gonna take however long it takes.  
Them: the product part of this is gonna take however long it takes. But we need to be efficient about it, and we need to distill it down into, like, what's the output  
Me: But we need to be efficient about it, and we need to distill it down into, like, what's the output  
Them: that's as simplistic as we can get so that we can hand it off to engineering.  
Me: that's as simplistic as we can get so that we can hand it off to Engineering can then start ramping that forward,  
Them: Engineering can then start ramping that forward. But it probably also means, and I think my documents don't capture this yet, is that  
Me: But it probably also means, and I think my documents don't capture this yet, is that  
Them: we need to be able to to get to a point of  
Me: we need to be able to to get to a point of  
Them: of being able to  
Me: of being able to  
Them: iterate, like,  
Me: iterate, like,  
Them: what we couldn't do before because code was too cheap is you didn't wanna pull the trigger.  
Me: what we couldn't do before because code was too cheap you didn't wanna pull the trigger on having developers develop anything.  
Them: On having developers develop anything until you were a 100000% sure.  
Me: Until you were a 100000% sure. I don't think that's true now. I  
Them: I don't think that's true now. I think we can I think we can now afford to experiment?  
Me: we can I think we can now afford to experiment?  
Them: Because the cost of code is cheaper. So what my documents currently do not  
Me: Because the cost of code is cheaper. So what my documents currently do not accomplish, and I think it's a big problem,  
Them: accomplish, and I think it's a big problem, is  
Me: is  
Them: how do we how do we set up that product life cycle to to facilitate  
Me: how do we how do we set up that product life cycle to to facilitate  
Them: early experimentation where we might actually build little bits of things?  
Me: early experimentation where we might actually build little bits of things Mhmm. Enough to get it out in the market and get tech like, all the kind of, like, quick  
Them: Enough to get it out in the market and get to like, all the kind of, like, quick turnaround  
Me: turnaround, fast experimentation that  
Them: fast experimentation that will give us signal rather than investing months on a product research on something that might Like,  
Me: give us signal rather than investing months on a product research on something that might suck. Like, we need to figure out how to get to the  
Them: we need to figure out how to get to the the coding faster.  
Me: depth of coding faster.  
Them: And my documents don't figure that out. They don't they don't  
Me: My documents don't figure that out. They don't they don't  
Them: it doesn't Your your what your suggestion is we actually  
Me: doesn't You're what you're suggesting is we actually  
Them: start becoming agile and do what agile intended. Yeah.  
Me: start becoming agile and do it agile. Then Yeah. Getting a product into the  
Them: Getting a product into the marketplace to have the market tell us  
Me: They have the market sell us.  
Them: what we should be building.  
Me: What we should be building.  
Them: That's exactly what we should be doing. And, yeah,  
Me: Exactly what we should be doing. And yeah.  
Them: I don't think that I don't so, like, I don't think I've gotten there with my stuff yet.  
Me: Don't think that I don't so, like, I don't think I've gotten there with my stuff yet.  
Them: But maybe that's something you guys could focus on is  
Me: But maybe that's something you guys could focus on is  
Them: how do you take this front heavy process and start to break it down into smaller slices?  
Me: how do you take this front heavy process and start to break it down into smaller slices so that Do we know enough, though, about telehealth? Because  
Them: So do we know enough, though, about telehealth? Because Matt has been out there, and we know what Elena has been experiencing or anything about.  
Me: Matt has been out there, and we know what Elena has been experiencing and everything about.  
Them: I mean, the pro telehealth is very mature in terms of, like, do we have a plan?  
Me: I mean, the pro telehealth is very mature in terms of, like, do we have a plan  
Them: Yeah. It's very mature.  
Me: Yeah. It's very mature. So we don't know how it's gonna work with the skills,  
Them: So we don't know how it's gonna work with the skills and the carry.  
Me: the carriers, but we really do know how we should interact with  
Them: But we really do know how we should interact with the EMR. And We have we have it all mapped out. Telehealth is tell because we I was expecting to actually have debt, like, contractors being hired within the next week or two is what I've been told.  
Me: EMR and Sweden. We have it all mapped out. Telehealth is tell because we I was expecting to actually have debt, like, contractors being hired within the next week or two is what I've been told.  
Them: So  
Me: So  
Them: telehealth is completely figured out top to bottom.  
Me: is completely figured out top to bottom. On the like, how it works  
Them: On the like, how it works all that stuff.  
Me: all that stuff.  
Them: There are some open questions around dependencies, but  
Me: There are some open questions around dependencies, but  
Them: it's a very mature  
Me: it's a very mature  
Them: product.  
Me: product.  
Them: Process. Like, all that work's been done.  
Me: Process. Like, all that work's been done. So at at here's, we we haven't varied. Too much deviated too much from what the objective of, what this exercise would be is. Number one, we're trying to define, you know, how this is gonna look like in a definitive way. I I think that based on what you're what you have created. And then these concerns, which I I think are very valuable and and useful, is will see what basically comes out of that interaction. Right? Is it sufficient? Is it over the top? Is it are we, you know, are we trying to define you know, too much into a cycle that cannot be compressed? What is the right approach to this? What is the right size of those some of these early experimentations?  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: And then for those early experimentations, what are the documents that constitute this handoff between product and engineering, which doesn't have, and we should not confuse that, with waterfall. Right? It's not big design upfront because it's not designed. But it is aligning on what we expect to deliver so that experimentation can happen. I think that, you know, if we use that time to just question it, hopefully, get people off of the mindset of this is prescriptive. You're just going to execute based on, you know, the parameters that have been provided. And this is our objective. This is what we need to find out. Let's validate. Yes. Ian did some work and created some documents. Clear as a provided a whole bunch of other documents in a folder. I don't know if you have that. I'll share with you if you don't. Yeah. I'm more I'm more good. I'm not creating my stuff up  
Them: Yeah. And we're I'm working. I'm not creating my stuff in a vacuum. I'm  
Me: a vacuum. I'm sharing it. Like, Clarissa knows what I'm doing. We're all working together on  
Them: sharing it. Like, Clarissa knows what I'm doing. We're all working together on this stuff. So  
Me: So let's bring all that together and say, okay. Now do we all have does this make sense to everyone? Right? And and then ultimately come up with a What is our next step? Okay. These documents are the ones that we will be creating for most of these initiatives. Are there particular type of, is there a particular type of product work? That requires, you know, additional documentation? Maybe that's out of scope for the type of work that we have in front of us. How do we empower truly product right, to create all of these things that add clarity What is that structure? And then what can engineering expect as a result of that, which is that second day validation? Because I'm also trying to get ahead of or trying to eliminate, and you know that this is this happens all the time. Well, you know, the work was well defined. It was clear, and then engineering fights back and goes, no. We don't have it. It's not ready to act. And there's confusion. Right? And so let's it's too much it's too noisy. And so that if if we get everyone in the room, like, everyone now has buy in because they're they participated in the creation of it, That's what I want. Like, it's this is not in post. This is we created it. There's engineering. Participation. There's product participation. We all know. We have said we are doing this. No one they are not telling you to do anything. We have decided this is what makes us more efficient and more productive and reduce the noise, adds clarity, gets us working. And, yes, prototyping and getting not prototyping per se, but you know, getting into a cycle that it's truly agile, I think, ultimately the objective. We gotta be careful and cautious not to step into that landmine of saying, we're not going to act until everything is perfectly defined. We need to build it or our ability to iterate within the process itself. But, yeah, what we talked about, Chris, during the conversation, right, is that we somehow you know, agile with complete lack of documentation.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: And overcorrected on the other side is, okay. Well, because of that, now we're not going to work on engineering pushes back because we're not gonna work. Until everything is perfectly defined. That's that that doesn't get us anywhere.  
Them: Yeah. And so  
Me: So I'm gonna try. So here's  
Them: I'll work on this a little more today on my  
Me: I'm gonna work on this a little more today on my on my little document  
Them: on my little document thing and then kinda create, like, a rough  
Me: thing and then kinda create, like, a rough sketch of of what I was sort of imagining.  
Them: sketch of of what I was sort of imagining. But I feel like what that could be is also  
Me: But I feel like what that could be is also Oh, he froze again.  
Them: Promise. I don't know. Are you getting do you have storms up a year right now?  
Me: Are you getting do you have storms up a year right now?  
Them: Girl?  
Me: No. It's it's kinda raining, which I wasn't necessarily expecting.  
Them: Yes.  
Me: Yeah. It's raining. It's raining here, and the mirror is thunder and lightning. I keep thinking, is that needed something  
Them: It's raining here, and I'm hearing some thunder and lightning. And I'm I keep thinking, is that needed something just  
Me: just go out? But  
Them: go out? But you and I are still chatting, so it's not So  
Me: you and I are still chatting, so it's not Yeah. No. So annoying. Yeah. I keep  
Them: Yeah. I keep freezing. Yeah. What I was saying was I will  
Me: What I was saying was I will  
Them: go on the stuff I've been doing, hand that off to Matt Lauren.  
Me: go on the stuff I've been doing, hand that off to Matt with the with the instructions that  
Them: With the with the instructions that maybe what the answer like, one of the big gaps currently is  
Me: maybe what the answer like, one of the big gaps currently is  
Them: if we know that the product process upfront  
Me: if we know that the product process upfront is kind of incompressible,  
Them: is kind of incompressible, that means that the solution is to break it into pieces  
Me: means that the solution is to break it into pieces so that we can be more agile.  
Them: so that we can be more agile in there. And, like, that's one of the things they should be trying to figure out with you guys  
Me: In there. And, like, that's one of the things they should be trying to figure out with you guys  
Them: at this thing is how what what is that early like, how does that work?  
Me: at this thing is how what what is that or, like, how does that work?  
Them: Right? Like, we want we know before we push, we make a big investment.  
Me: Right? Like, we want we know before we push, we make a big investment.  
Them: We need to have this set of documents clearly  
Me: We need to have this set of documents clearly  
Them: defined. But  
Me: defined. But  
Them: earlier before that,  
Me: earlier before that,  
Them: what should be happening? Right? And I think the answer isn't  
Me: what should be happening? Right? And I think the answer isn't engineering just sits and  
Them: engineering just sits and waits. Until product is done. Like, it's gotta be no. There has to be  
Me: prod is done. Like, it's gotta be no. There has to be experimentation. There's gotta be some spikes. There's gotta be  
Them: experimentation. There's gotta be some spikes. There's gotta be some testing. There's got we have to be data driven. And I just think that's where we really  
Me: some testing. There's got we have to be data driven. And I just think that's where we really haven't  
Them: thought this through.  
Me: thought this through. And that if you guys could define that during your time,  
Them: And that if you guys could define that during your time,  
Me: and, like, work through that mutually, that'd be tremendously valuable.  
Them: and, like, work through that mutually, that'd be tremendously valuable. Yeah. I think our current agile  
Me: Yeah. I think our current agile process or the current  
Them: or the current thinking in the past has been engineers times is very  
Me: thinking in the past has been engineers times very expensive, so don't add them doing  
Them: so don't have them doing quote, unquote, throwaway code. Don't have them working on anything that  
Me: quote, unquote, throwaway code. Don't have them working on anything that  
Them: isn't actually gonna go into production. Every line of code that they build  
Me: isn't actually gonna go into production. Every line of code that they build  
Them: no regardless if they learned anything from it or not, if that if that gets thrown out,  
Me: no regardless if they've learned anything from it or not, if that that gets thrown out,  
Them: and not used in production, that was a waste of time, which is  
Me: and not used in production, that was a waste of time, which is Mhmm. Never  
Them: never never been part of the engineering mindset. It's like  
Me: it's never been part of the engineering mindset. It's like,  
Them: you'll try 10 experiments to find  
Me: you'll try 10 experiments to find  
Them: the correct eleventh one, and that eleventh one should stand the test of time or at least  
Me: the correct eleventh one, and that eleventh one should stand the test of time or at least you know, you you you learn what not to build and what  
Them: you know, you you you learn what not to build and what doesn't work. And  
Me: doesn't work, and all of that effort was kind of  
Them: all of that effort was kind of looked upon as being  
Me: looked upon as being  
Them: a waste.  
Me: a waste.  
Them: Now that we can  
Me: Now that we can try more experiments,  
Them: try more experiments, involving  
Me: involving  
Them: engineering upfront, which we never did because of  
Me: engineering upfront, which we never did because of  
Them: the the reasons I just stated,  
Me: the reasons I just stated, should be  
Them: should be like, how how best to build this. Let's build two proto  
Me: like, how how best to build this. Let's build two prototypes and see which one works because at the end of the day, when we say pull the trigger,  
Them: and see which one works because at the end of the day, when we say pull the trigger,  
Me: we're gonna have a lot of information, a lot of knowledge  
Them: we're gonna have a lot of information, a lot of knowledge feeding in that needs to be part of documentation that gets  
Me: feeding in that needs to be part of documentation that gets  
Them: fed into these agents of exactly  
Me: fed into these agents of exactly what we're thinking and how we want them to build this. Right?  
Them: what we're thinking and how we want them to build this. Right? So doing that upfront and getting an understanding of what  
Me: So doing that upfront and getting an understanding of what product's thinking  
Them: product's thinking does allow them to let me try that. Let me  
Me: does allow them to allow let me try that let me try to  
Them: try to use a POC  
Me: use a POC to build this out.  
Them: to build this out. The other thing that  
Me: The other thing that  
Them: was gonna make this successful is is the  
Me: was gonna make this successful is is the  
Them: and I'm gonna say architecture, not from a team perspective, but just under  
Me: I'm gonna say architecture, not from a team perspective, but just understanding, you know, this code has to get  
Them: you know, this code has to get delivered inside an environment  
Me: delivered inside an environment, and it has to interact with  
Them: and it has to interact with all of these other systems, the PM, the EMR, the care agent skills,  
Me: all these other systems, the PM, the EMR, the carrier agent skills,  
Them: So that is context that has to be  
Me: So that is context that has to be  
Them: fed into any any solution that comes up with.  
Me: fed into any any solution that comes up with. And that context has to be gathered and curated  
Them: That context has to be gathered and curated  
Me: to help drive that development as well, which is  
Them: to help drive that development as well, which is an engineering effort  
Me: an engineering effort that  
Them: that typically in the past  
Me: typically in the past wasn't  
Them: wasn't engineers weren't allowed to actually do that. They were just  
Me: engineers weren't allowed to actually do that. They weren't this given tickets by a senior product owner or or single product owner.  
Them: given tickets by a senior product owner or or single product owner, who shall rename name this,  
Me: We shall remain named in this, basically telling  
Them: basically telling product, here, take this ticket and tell the developers to build this.  
Me: product, here, take this ticket and tell the developers to build this.  
Them: Which was you know, we're we're also trying to  
Me: Which was you know, we're we're also trying to  
Them: Guillermo, you correct me if I'm wrong, but I I think we're also trying to  
Me: Guillermo, you correct me if I'm wrong, but I I think we're also trying to unlearn that  
Them: unlearn that skill with our engineers to say, no. You  
Me: skill with our engineers to say, no. You  
Them: you're no longer ticket takers. And  
Me: you're no longer ticket takers and Correct. Just waiting  
Them: just waiting waiting around for product to tell you what to build. Like, put your thinking caps back on.  
Me: waiting around for product to tell you what to build. Like, put your thinking gaps back on, and come to the table with ideas and solutions  
Them: And come to the table with ideas and solutions ahead of time. And in order to do that, we, you know, we really need to  
Me: ahead of time. And in order to do that, we, you know, So long as they're aligned, and this is where objective and vision is important. Right?  
Them: yes. I'm presenting.  
Me: They need to be aligned with that.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Because and and that just creates that other channel of empowerment to other people, right, as saying, we're not ticket takers. This is great. We have now clarity. Now you're an active contributor. Because that validation happens You know, it's it's it's own version of a garden wall, right, of of why are we doing what we're doing. Now granted, there's always going to be some element of technical debt or of, you know, code health, etcetera, security. That, you know, maybe sort of peripherally attached to that. And that's we don't need to get into that or go down that rabbit hole. But I ideally, is to get that level of engagement from engineering as well. A way that doesn't create any sort of, you know, confrontation or misalignment with products. Like, why are you bringing that up? That's not important. This so long as the vision and the goal is very clear and everybody's on the same page, gonna have a little bit more thinking heads contributing to solutions. So that's another element here.  
Them: Working remote has  
Me: Working remote is one of the I mean, I've been a big  
Them: one of the I mean, I've been a big proponent. I love working remote, but it also has  
Me: I love working from home, but it also has had the downsides of the logging  
Them: had the downsides of allowing people to disconnect and just  
Me: people to disconnect and just not pay attention  
Them: not pay attention, not participate, and wait for somebody to tell them what to do.  
Me: not participate, and wait for somebody to tell them what to do.  
Them: Yeah. It's it has to be working remote is like an art  
Me: Yeah. It's it has to be working remote is like an art. It takes a lot of  
Them: It takes a lot of there's definitely folks that will just  
Me: there's definitely folks that will just sit back  
Them: sit back and kinda use it as a as cover. I like the idea  
Me: and kinda use it as a as cover. I like the idea  
Them: like this idea. I think this is actually gonna potentially give people more  
Me: I like this idea. I think this is actually gonna potentially give people more people aren't waiting around, and there's more interaction. And, like, they  
Them: people aren't waiting around, and there's more interaction and, like, things are moving faster too to  
Me: are moving faster to 10 tends to bring kinda force people forward. But  
Them: that tends to bring kinda force people forward. But  
Me: alright. So action items coming out of this.  
Them: alright. So action items coming out of this then. It's like, I'm gonna talk to I mean,  
Me: Then. It's like, I'm gonna talk to I mean,  
Them: do you have the details worked out in terms of  
Me: do you have the details we're that out in terms of  
Them: dates and times and all that stuff, and who's sending that out to Lauren and Matt?  
Me: dates and times and all that stuff? Who's So, Manna, I I wanted to talk to you first. And then I'm going to create a quick chat with Matt Lauren yourself, Chris and I,  
Them: Are you I can push it up next week.  
Me: Andrew, Isaac, right, and Elena. Next week.  
Them: Then, or we still  
Me: Then? Or So I'm gonna say if if people can make it work and, you know, just check really quick, check hotels, check flights for those that need to. If they can make it work, great. Let's do it this week. If not, then we'll push it. For next week. I'm asking for 3PM just go no go on whether they can make it here. On Wednesday, and that would be great. If not, we'll push it next week.  
Them: k.  
Me: And he froze again.  
Them: Alright.  
Me: So I'll, you know, I'll summarize. Alright. And I do have another 11:30, so I am  
Them: And I do have another 11:30. So, am gonna drop a this is a good chat.  
Me: gonna drop a this is a good chat.  
Them: Alright.  
Me: Awesome. Alright. Alrighty.  
Them: Alright. Thanks, guys.  
Me: Thanks. Bye. 