Meeting Title: Clarissa, Product Overview
Date: Apr 14
Meeting participants: Guillermo Salas

Transcript:
 
Me: Two in the Makerville outside in the past. When I asked the idea, I think And if you know anything about Experian, yes, it's a big credit bureau. There's a big consumer facing aspect to it. You guys have probably seen all the ads with Travis Kelsey and everything. If you could believe it, Experian has made a pretty large company and business out of revenue cycle management and being a big clearinghouse, they come competitor to Waystar, who I know we used And I would say the biggest difference between, like, Waystar and Self Help is Experience Health is really targeting a large hospitals and health systems. I think Waystar is a little bit more working with smaller EMRs. Feel working with Epic and Oracle terms and MedTech. To some extent, Athena. But for the most part, a lot of our integrations will focus on big, you know, big health systems, the ones that probably all heard of. Right? Like, and medical and white you Weill Cornell, like, cedar cyanide, Cleveland Clinic, which I know is also a client of ours. UCSD Health, all the major, like, university health systems. So so that was good. I was the CPO there, and then prior to that, I was a Humana, which I think you all have heard of. On the payer side in the digital health and analytics team. And I was actually responsible for data So have really a couple things. I've made my way around the healthcare ecosystem. On the payer side, on the vendor provider side, Also, it's previous to that as a carrier, like, three jobs ago. So I've also been on the EHR side, much smaller EHR. And then also on the digital health side. So if I think about, like, the map of health care, I've been in lots of different parts of health care. There's a lot of niche parts of health care. There's a lot of broad parts of health care. But I really enjoyed being in healthcare, which is kind of a bit masochistic because it's very fragmented and complex. But I think that's what makes it so exciting to me because I love solving problems. So that's kind of one thing to know about me is I've been around the block different capacities. One thing is common, which is I love the building products. I love solving problems. I love understanding and getting deep the customer and partnering with technology while not being you know, having ever been a computer science or software engineer myself. I think the the other thing to know about me is I mentioned before, I've been leading building teams from scratch, building from the ground up, inheriting teams in both large and small companies. My last team you could believe it, the product team was about seventy five So I think almost as large as the engineering organization here. I think we had about 350 So you could say, was that that's a lot of engineers. So the ratio is a little off but I I have not just product. Managers and product owners. I actually had design, which we should talk about. Like, what does that look like in future with AI and everything? I had UX design. I had customer insights. I had innovations. I had analytics. So I've I've kind of managed a very broad set of skills. Over my time. And as I also said, I've managed and and led to big and small for publicly traded companies as well as growth companies where I was an employee of myself. I where I literally was director of myself, and I had to build out a team. So and this the sweet spot that I feel, because I I think I had, like, a huge portfolio in my last company, and it was it was great, but it was also pretty bloated, I thought. And I think the team is going through that now. Right? They're they're doing a point break But, yeah, that's a little bit about my background. I'm curious. Have you done any coding with vaginalis? I've done five I would say. Thank you. Yeah. That counts. But that's like and I I feel that I have to do more. And, you know, I'm a firm believer in leading by example with the team. If I'm gonna ask my team to do that, I have to be willing to do it myself and role model the behaviors that I wanna see in my team. What did you use? Oh, gosh. Mostly Lovable. Lovable? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's Lovable. And it's really, like, just prototyping and I've gone to a point now too where I'm like, not as much producing. I'm guiding. But if I'm gonna guide, I better know what the heck I'm talking about. From you. So yeah. So it's mostly just, like, side projects that I've been doing. Like, not anything you know, not anything that is production ready that I've handed over to an engineer to go deal with. Yeah. Well, this is how we can support you. Yeah. No. Thank you. Thank you. And and, you know, when we talk a little bit about how we can support each other, I think that's probably the baby salmon in need, especially as I'm going through. With this team, setting my expectations, as well as really helping to transform how we do work. Do have a PM in the house that I my my wife's PM is supposed to be using Cooperative to develop stuff. Yeah. So if you do need some of have to trans because we already have practice translating to That would be awesome. The other world. That would be awesome because I think we we need to stop talking about it and just start doing it. Yeah. But we also have to have standards. Right, for how we do it, especially because the work we do requires some form of shared context. And if we're off doing things in our own you know, areas and we don't have the benefit of what AI can do for us. That's definitely not everything has to be shared, but we have to understand Right? Well, there but there's some cool things you can do. As a product, are you just describe what what the people look like? Yes. And then say, if you have the red guardrails in place to the supply go really Oh. Corrections. Right. I can actually wind up where a clickable and widened thing in about twenty minutes. Yeah. No. That which is amazing. And I think some of the teams are looking at, I was like, okay. That's great. Some people are doing it Some people are doing in, like, Claude. You know, Claude I knew they're doing it on their personal I'm like, okay. This is great, but we gotta we gotta just have a standard. So so, okay, I put these slides together for my team. About two weeks ago in kind of our first product town hall. And, again, I'm this is, I think, I'm just a little under a month here. But I've seen enough, and I've had a lot of one on ones with several, you know, with Guillermo, and I look forward to getting to know each of you. A little bit better. But I've not only met with my team, I've met with my We brought in several of my peers in support. So I'm getting a pretty good feel. For Experi. And what I'm seeing so far is we have really awesome scaffolding. We have great products. We have customers who love us. We also have customers who are frustrated with us. We have really solid talent. We have people who really wanna do great work. And we have all the right ingredients, I think, to be an amazing company that's going to drive value, continued value, not just for whom we serve, but also extended And so I feel that, like, we're only it doesn't feel like it. For those of you who've been here a long but I feel like we're just getting started looking for what we can do. Not only as a team but for our clients. And for clients, we haven't even identified yet. For ourselves. However, we also have real complexity here. I I think I'm telling you guys anything you don't already know. We are in massive transformation, though, and not just, like, external force with what's happening to us. What's happening right now with technology moving at the pace that I've never seen before in my career. But, also, just internally, the culture is changing. I mean, moving from a founder led organization where I can tell you on the product side, I think my team has a little bit of PTSD. If I'm being completely Really? 100%. Oh, I mean, if think about it real yeah. Yeah. You all know. I don't think I'm telling you all anything you don't already know. It's very different to go from having an organization that's, like, used to being told what to do and just go do it. And in many ways, like, some people had to take they took their foot off the gas with maybe critical thinking and judgment, and I need to rewire the team. I think we're all rewiring in many ways. We're we're all we're all rewiring in different ways with AI and the technology, but also I think culturally, this this team, not just product, I think is just kinda rethinking. And and those of you who've been around for a while, I'm sure you've seen a lot of change. Just even in the with Bobby coming in, with all this new leadership, I've been at UCLA the last two days. You know, I I get to play the new card for a bit. Right? My honeymoon period is, like, gonna at some point gonna close. But it's amazing the clients that I've met, and they've been introducing me as a new chief product officer. And I met clients who've left us And they were opening up to me. They were saying all kinds of things. But even they're acknowledging what they're seeing. Which is, wow. You all are a different company. And interestingly, they they're like, wow. We're seeing they're impressed with what they've seen with AI Scribe. The care agent, with just even the engagement that the executive team is Bobby's out doing kind of the listening tour right now, and they're just like, wow. This is like, if this feels like a different company, I think in a positive way. So I think while we have real complexity, while we have I know it feels like we have a lot of blockers. Internal blockers. Like, we we also have some really good momentum. That's why I feel really positive. We have a ton of priorities, almost too many. Right? We went I I just learned this. We've never really done B Sky before. Oh, we've done B Sky for a couple years. Bees last for a long time. We've we've never done it this way where we have the way that we're reporting it and and all of that. That's my understanding. Yeah. It's gotten we've gotten better at reporting it and tracking it. But we we certainly started with the idea of defining it Yes. And and sharing it. Yes. Whether it landed, it's understood Yes. People know how to connect to it. That's still a little bit of a gap. I I think that's what's happening. And I think that our silos are still showing in a pretty big way. I see it. See it I I saw it the first week just sitting in DLT if I'm being completely honest. And then I saw it as I continued to have one on ones and group sessions the teams. At this point, I've met with almost every of my product teams to understand their maps, understand the challenges and the blockers. And we we still are not fully talking to each other. And on the same page with things. I think there's some teams that are probably better than others, but think we need to figure out how to how to unblock ourselves and start acting as one team and not this is the product team, and this is the CS team, this is the engineering team, etcetera. Okay. So anyway, real complexity, clear opportunity. I see it all. But a lot of it is a lot of it is, like, how do we get better at not only how we do work, but, you know, when I think about engineering, like, we have this amazing opportunity in front of us. Like, build used to be expensive, It's cheaper than ever, and we've gotta get better at our craft. Products gotta get better at craft. And I've been saying this not in a challenging or, you know, invoke way, but I was like, It's really gonna expose AI It's really gonna expose the really great product managers from the media. Ones that are just pushing and coordinating. Mhmm. And some people may not be in the right to be honest. We probably put people in seats that that when in this new way of working are going to not not do well. Because in my mind, from a product perspective, we have to do better at understanding the customer, and you can deeply. And if we're just kind of pushing you know stories through a backlog without really fully understanding if it's the most important thing we're doing, then we're not doing our jobs. That's what I told the team Mhmm. Very clearly. So I I think we have a clear opportunity as product, and development to to band together. And capitalize on this transformative tech that this industry has never seen. It's not even health care. It's the industry. The the industry of commerce has never seen I also believe we all we we at Xperity have really great opportunity because we we are the market leaders. We're in an enviable position as a market leaders for urgent care, but we also know the urgent care market is is not shrinking, but it's not growing. So we've got to push the the boundaries of who we're targeting and what other problems we can solve. And because the urgent care is the physical front door to the digital front door, oftentimes, Right? Especially for those who don't have primary care relationships. We have a real opportunity to take advantage and be there when there's patient intent. Mhmm. So so that's what I see. And something I've been talking a lot to the team about is this concept of focused excellence And it's gonna be really important to build alignment, not just within product and stop showing our seams to our customers. But also with you all. Obviously, engineering, tech product, critical partnership, critical collaborators. But as you as you think about product, we also work with every team. Like, if product is not healthy, the product team and the way that we're operating is not healthy, the rest of the company is not healthy. Either because we touch everything. Right? We touch how we sell, how we position, how we go to market, our messaging in the marketplace, what our CSMs say to evangelize our value message out to our customers, And I, you know, I see it in the seams. Our customers feel some of the seams, but they're also starting to see momentum, which makes me also very optimistic about where we are. So we have lost customers. We've lost clients, and I know, you know, Bobby's a bit on the the listening and apology tour, and we we may have a chance I don't know. Like, we met with a client that we that that fired us. Express Wellness on Sunday. They they took two hours out of their day to meet us, and so I think that says some I don't know if we're gonna win back their business, but we may have some wedges that we can start with. Like, if we get telehealth off the ground, as well as, telerad and Onepax. They're very interested in that as well. It's like, okay. We got a couple of, like, ways back in. So but I think a lot of it is gonna boil down to ability to execute and focus, which is a bit hard when you have 10 prayers. On a V Sky, but I think this is where just have to make sure that the the goals and the outcomes are really clear. So alright. I didn't mean to hang out that long on that one slide, but I didn't do that. Could comment. Yeah. I agree that we have way too many priorities. At the same time, a lot of them are not necessarily crossing paths. Right? So we have different groups that can focus on different things. That's right. But the concept and the the the true understanding of of what is priority that helps guide some of the work and focus on on the quality, I think it's gonna make a difference in us being able to deliver the right things to win back a lot of those relationships that had that that suffered from eroded trust. Right? And I I I love what you're saying about the idea that the physical world is the entryway to the digital world, and that's where we're going. In recognition that the physical world market has reached maybe saturation Right? And and and and we need to reinvent ourselves. So we also need to think a lot about that. And not necessarily remain so focused on what we know, but what is yet to discover. So that that's exciting. And the same time. And and not that we're giving ourselves a completely blank slate second chance, We're building on what we have. Yeah. But with new products, such as Care Agent and AI Scribe, we need to heavily focus on not making the mistakes in the past. And I think that that is where that strong collaboration between product and engineering is going to make a huge difference. I do wanna call out, and I think that in our conversation, try to focus a lot on the positive, and there's so much positives that you know, you could use to model where we're going from what we're seen working in the AI Scribe space. I'll you know, continue to say the product relationship and presence. Though. Newly added because one packs have it. Almost at all Right. Has made a huge difference. I've think Damian can speak to that. Damian was huge difference already. Yeah. Yeah. That's awesome. That's great. And and, you know, you can see where there's a really good relationship with product and tech. It's like that that those teams are crushing it. Right? Where I I mean, it's it's less so here. And I definitely wanna talk about opportunity areas that I see that you see as well on how we work together. But I see a lot of friction right now with some of the customer facing teams. And that's something that I think there's some layups Just obvious things that in my mind, I'm like, we could do. The low fruit that we're just not doing today. And I think a part of it is just we haven't had attention on it. We haven't had attention on it. And some of that is know, I need to build a strong relationship with Christina and her team. And, like, hey. What this means is, like, this is what I expect of you all as CSMs quarterbacking your account but here's what you should expect of us. These are the commitments we need to to one another. Yeah. The other problem too is our attention is on everything, which goes to your point about competing There's a lot. I mean, because we can sit here and have our top 10 and go, okay. Great. Yeah. There's different teams that are focused. There's not, like, there's there might be a couple groups that spread across multiple priorities. Issue is when we have interrupters. Those are killing us. Crush us, Right? But this is no different than anywhere I've ever been. The problem is sometimes it there it's too much all at once. You know, the that's why I'm like, how do we prevent it from being an escalation? Like, those they're signals before X-ra raises your hand and gives us a list of 10 things that we have to now fit into sprints. Right? Like, how how do we that to me is a failure of the relationship. I'm being honest. But I'm you know, those are things I need to work on with my partners. It's like, why how are we not how can we help you Right? Be on your front foot. And so those are that's a whole other conversation. But Yeah. Yeah. I think one way is is having the personnel match what the priorities are. For example, of course, ability is important, but yet optimizers has how many? One developer Yep. Who's happening. Like And I think that's I mean, that's some of why I did the deep dive. I did with the team. It's like, okay. What's on your work list? How many and I know I'm asking how many developers. I'm like, well, if you've got a list 20 long and you have one developer that's not gonna work. I don't care what AI you put on it. Right. Right? So so some of it just math. Some of it's just simply math. Right? So just a couple things, and I've I've kind of touched on this already. Again, slides I told my team. In within the first ten days. As I mentioned, this is my background. I'm an operator. I've run product teams. I'm very much focused on outcomes. Not just activity. Don't just tell me what you did. Tell me what what you're solving for. One thing you'll hear from all the time is, well, what are you solving for? How are measuring success? So something you could expect from me is I'm always gonna be asking my team before we even waste anyone's time on the development side. What do you saw before? How are you gonna measure success? What's the benchmark? And I am very to a to a fault focused on this. I learned how to be a product manager and into it. If you know anything about Intuit, there's a reason they're the market leader for tax software. Hope you all did your taxes. As well as for small business accounting software and I mean, they are known for their dogged focus on the customer. Customer outcomes, and they measure success. The the time the CEO that I I joined was from GE to know anything about GE, I mean, you can't get any more disciplined in kind of excellence and outcome measurement. And so that's how I learned how to be a product manager, and I expect my team to be the same. Outcomes. So customer and business first. This goes without saying, but we haven't and this is every company I feel like I've ever been to. They say they're customer centered, but what does it really mean to be customer centered? It mean order taking. It doesn't mean doing everything that the escalation or that the client asked for. But it means understanding what their problem is. Right? So if they're telling you I was on a call last week. For example. With XR. They were telling us about they went straight right in. Like, we we didn't even have a warm up on the call. They went straight at, I this report has this, this, that, and started talking about the thing on the report. And you know, one of the the persons on my team started to ask about the report. Like, it's starting waiting at the five foot level. And I was like, okay. I just kind of listened for a bit, and I was like, is it gonna go back up? And it didn't. So I said, hey. Can do you mind actually the new card? I was like, can you help me understand what you're trying to achieve with the report? What decisions are you trying to make? Like, what do you then do with that decision? What's your next step? What's your workflow? I don't I think it was gonna go there. So I was like, I need to delete my example with how I'm asking the question. My point being customer first means understanding the problem. And not just what widget do you want and why do you want that drop down and do you want that button there? Because I don't even know what they're trying to do. And so that's what I mean by being customer first. Right? Because sometimes they you know this. You guys know this. They often ask for a how without fully articulating the what, and then we go down the path. We we ship it, and they're like, oh, missed the mark. There's there's nothing that not that makes me more, like, pissed off than wasted effort. We had that conversation last week. Scribe. Yes. Exactly. But I I I was like, and I don't know that the Teams is not their fault. I don't know if the team fully knows how to ask this questions. Right? So I mean, if the team's in a little bit. Right? Of it might just be learn behavior over the years. Yeah. Because You know, I'm not this is no knock on the team, but it's like that's how we've been operating. I want this button here and this way and this. It's like Sure. How do Well, because Yeah. I've passed leaders. Exactly. So that's just an example of being customer first, but I also believe, like, yeah, we say we talk to the customer. Is it because they're yelling at us because they're pissed off about something? Are you sitting down and you're watching them do work? And you're understanding the workflow? And you're you're also not looking at you know, obviously, they're interacting with our software. They may have some spreadsheets of may have some Post its up. They may you have to look at their environment Mhmm. And what I found, and this is what I wanted into it, you often draw inspiration out of just watching what they do and all of the swivel seat and the tabs, and they're toggling from our product to some other product. Might be some inspiration you could draw from that that we can solution. So that's what I mean by being customer, and then business versus understanding outcome. So so my that I told the team, get out of the building, immerse yourself. Right? Get out of the building. You're not gonna be a great product manager. Sitting behind a team's call. With a client. So one of the things I'm gonna put down is performance standards. Is you a product manager, if you're gonna sit on this team, you will be out in front of the customer. On-site. At least once per month. As a performance standard. That's the other thing I learned is we didn't really have performance standards. We had job descriptions, but here's minimum order to get a three rating, which apparently, I hear we don't really share ratings here, but that's okay. If you want, like, a meat you have to do these things. You have to. If you're getting a ticket that's coming in through uh-huh, there's an SLA to that. If gonna be a product manager with that title, you will go out in front of the client at least once a month. And we will support any travel. Obviously, try to do it locally. Try to save money. But just those are just some examples. Right? And I think, you know, as I go through this, rollout with the team, it's gonna be evolving especially with with AI in ways of working. But the team just needs standards. Right? Expectations. It's that simple. It's that simple. And, of course, I have to figure out a way to measure it. So speed with accountability, this is everything, not just execution, but decision One thing I've heard is I'm I'm been on my listening tour. We kinda drag out decisions. And when I say we, some it's sometimes it's at the ELT level. We talk about it. We say, go do it. Then we've been talking about telehealth now. A long time. I got through almost a month ago. I sat in my first week when you when we started talking about it, actually. Oh, really? Joined. Yeah. Okay. There was no discussion at all before that. Okay. Okay. Apparently, it didn't even come up in the these guys conversations late last year. Yeah. No. It literally the first time I've heard that it was about my Okay. So you haven't even you even heard about it? Like, three weeks ago. Yeah. To me, it's like, okay. We're still talking about it. We're still we're mobilizing the team, which is good. But, like, that that can be a lot faster. A lot faster. And that you know, you can I told my team? Was like, you can count on me. Holding my peers accountable. For our decision inertia. Right? We're blocking you. So acting with urgency, earning results, don't sacrifice quality or skill. All all obvious things, I think. Sorry about this. Stuff. Coming up. And then ownership and accountability. Again, message to the product teams, also to all of you all. The product team, if we're gonna put forward an initiative, whether it's a big initiative playing telehealth or feature, a new enhancement, Understand the outcome and make things make sure your team is aware of the outcome too. Like, it's important for you all as engineers and for the teams for the engineering you know. Folks on the ground to understand the outcomes as well. So you know, we're the translators of business and customer need. To the cross functional teams that are executing the work. And so we have to be those translators because if we're not all owning the outcome, it shouldn't just be product owning the outcome. We should all own the outcome for the customer. But we have to make sure we're articulating that benefit, that value to the teams that we're asking to do work. On the customer's behalf. And I don't know if that's happening consistently, but that's certainly an expectation of mine that I've I've laid out for the team. That that means knowing the business and knowing the market this is again, it goes back to, like, out of the building. Go meet with a customer, understanding what they're doing. Tell these stories. Tell these anecdotes. Bring your engineering partners with you to travel. I I learned this and into it, but we we did immersion studies all the time. We watched I can't tell you how many people I watched do taxes. And we were there with our engineering partners, with our designers, and we were all, like, cringing when we saw people struggle. Through it. I'm like, we were all feeling the pain. And it's kinda the same thing here. Like, we all should the pain of our customer. And if we are not able to bring the team with us physically, we need to translate that for those who are doing work. The last point, this is really important, we're not a feature factory. We cannot be a feature factory anymore. In this very highly competitive world with many EMR And everyone also works claiming to be to leverage AI to orchestrate data across all these touch points. We're all saying the same shit. I Like, we really are. Yep. We have to understand value. Mhmm. Right? So anyway, sorry. I'm kind of on my soapbox about all this stuff. Your soapbox resonates with us. So Yes. And then last last slide, because I know you guys have What you can expect from me? So I I think guys probably have a sense for it already. I'm gonna bring clarity in terms of people's roles what I expect, and also you know, clarity of what consistency looks like for us. This doesn't mean to over engineer a process. We definitely need process. Right? We still need process, especially in this world where it seems like a little free for all right now with all the experimentation around AI and was like, what are, like, let's call them guidelines Like, for me, context is important. Right? So we're gonna have to figure out what a shared context look like in a world where we've got product managers all writing PRDs? Especially because the value of AI and LLMs and even small language models is shared context. Right? So we've gotta figure out I think right now we're narrowing it on confluence. Like, everyone's gotta put their stuff in and the LLMs will, mine. Confluence. But that means you have to keep that thing up to date. I don't I think right now, scattered. Scattered. I'm scattered. I'm like, guys, no. So first of all, have to write PRDs. It product above that, product strategy documents consistently. But then we have to put it all kind of in the same place. And keep it to date. Especially if we want to harness the power of the hive. Hive mind of what AI can for us. Yeah. And that's that's exactly what we've been working on. I think a lot of product previously kind of skipped that PRD step. And just created stories. Went straight to stories. And then you're like, why we doing this? And it's, like, missing. Right? I have to ask five questions. Yeah. And now I've I've asked my product team, like, Amber and Leda to create PRDs because then now with I don't need help creating Jira stories anymore because AI can do all that for me. Mhmm. So much quicker and out it does take me weeks to go through and plan out on the whole feature. Right? Is so So now I can go to the PRD and link can create all my tickets, link that to the PRDs, and we have a full traceability from milestone all the way down to individual stories. And that would not have been possible without a huge amount of work or yeah. Right? And I would say that you can't even point to the fact that we got consistent quality and definition of user stories previous to this type of process that you're implementing. I think you would look if you got a truly comprehensive user story. Right? Right. Really? And so yes. So it's so it's leaves and bounds from where we were before. And, obviously things that should have been there or building one user story too much, and things would definitely was always confusion. Around those. Right? Because you're just managing so many that it's a lot of work, and you're you're gonna miss it. Yep. No. And becomes a lot easier now, and we can have actual traceability all the way down from the top. Yeah. And and, again, AI makes this possible. So that requires even more discipline for how you know, we are doing work and making it available to engineer. First of all, making it available to ourselves to be able to have the shared context. Yeah. Especially as we grow increasingly as a platform. Right? And also, Instead of our silos Yes. Exactly. Yeah. And I think I I love how AI makes you think about context because it's not humans need it just as much. We generally get it from, like, osmosis, right, talking to people and having AI force us to create this context is hugely beneficial for everyone. Not A 100%. It totally. So transparency if you haven't already figured out, I'm pretty direct. I but direct respectfully. Right? And I wanted to have this forum with you all. So thank you for inviting me just because I I want you to know how I think about the world, and also give me feedback. Feedback. I also wanted to have the forum very early with my team on my ex expectations for the team. I have very high expectations for not just the team that I've inherited in product, but also for us. And I wouldn't have taken this job if I didn't think that we could do this as a team. And I was very impressed by when I met Bobby, when I met the leaders team, when I met my teeth in the interview process, my goodness, they put me through the gauntlet to get here. Mhmm. I was just like, this is a great team. It's I'm highly talented. Motivated people who just wanna do great work, and that's why like, that's like, if you don't have that, you don't have, you don't have a company. Right? And but I also feel like people need to be guided totaled and led, and if you don't set clear expectations, you can't expect them to be excellence. You like to do. So I'm always gonna be transparent. I'm also always gonna provide the context for my team. Instead of just telling them what to do. It's like, here's why it's important. Here's the decision we're trying to make. Right? And that way, they have that background so that they can make better decisions. That's my philosophy for how I lead. As I said, super high standards. I'm always gonna I I told this for Chris Kristen too is who works for me. She's I'm kind of re thinking her job to be more operations of product. Because we have been wild west y for a while, and so we need to have some standards I told her I'm gonna put a lot more into play than you have capacity for. But I'm always gonna push us because I know we can do it. And AI is gonna make it a little bit easier Mhmm. Actually, a lot easier. So you know that's just something I put out to the team. And then, you know, my part of my job is to remove blockers. And, you know, partner with my peers partner with others to make sure that we're we're doing our best work. And we have a nice clear glide path. I'm curious. Okay. Just how do you view when when feature is delivered, sorry, the product owners, and they have other features, they got a bunch of competing audiences. They've got the body realizes that we can clip that we can make this customer happy if we do this thing. So that gets on the list. I'm curious how do you also how do you think about doing other features Like, there are features that we give to customer support, so that they don't have to contact engineering. Right. And I did because we wanna because fast turnaround also makes them sound. Right? Yeah. Or a more stable product makes it smaller. So I'm kinda curious. How do you how do you think about that, and then how do you help there? Your product owners think about it? Yeah. I product? Managers, product owners, they have a tough job because everyone asks everything of them. And they can't be a CSM. They can't be support, but sometimes they're asked to do that. And I think it's different for different teams. Like, I I'm hearing, like, for example, on the EHR team, they they're in everything to evolve. Yep. So I I I have more work to do. To be honest, Scott, in understanding, like, what is taking up time and why. Is it because we're not enabling those teams well enough? They not reading the stuff that we give them? It's probably a combination of both. Oh, no. I get to read it. We have some legit things where things have to go back to the team because there's never prioritization of could you create this form that does this thing? Like, John just did a bunch of stuff. To help out of it. Like, you were talking about the other day about today's Oh. To to do all the support. Right. Like, I'm sorry. Yes. Yeah. When you onboard a customer, there's don't know. I just I had a document. Months ago that was, like, just massive 50 page document of, like, all the different places you have to go touch to onboard a client to do this and this. So my sense is there's They get out of there's no That's I think that's part of the problem. And I think I I have a lot more to learn. About how the operations team the implementations and the support team, the CSMs are organized. But my sense is that if it's anything like what I see with us, like, the stuff is kind of all over the place. And people know where to go for what. And I'm like, I gotta clean up my own house. But I am definitely going to look at others because if we're going to operate in a way that our clients see all the silos, because they're feeling our silos. Then my sense is, like, we gotta fix that too. Yeah. I guess the product has historically been focused only on external whereas don't know, maybe customer support needs. And yeah. And and there's different layers of internal constituencies that can beat for our capacity and need product direction. Yeah. I do think that, you know, out of what you outlined, the the idea of an aspiration is to have that sense of ownership and empowerment, which includes things that you have on on this slide, which you know, absolutely define what is to be empowered and to have accountability. But we do need the standards. Right? And and that's something that we've we we don't know what the rails are. So if you don't know what the rails are, you ended up concentrating decision make decision making is slow. You're unsure of what whether what you're doing is the right thing, you have nothing to measure against, That is something that definitely is a huge a huge gap. That keeps us from getting to this point. Yeah. And and that's something that we need to work on collectively. Oftentimes, the the common thing is you know, the the questions that get raised are all about what are the that exist that we need to stay within when we're showing up. In a very decisive manner, or we wanna act like donors, or we wanna you know, drive some very clear outcome. And and without that, kinda hard to do it because Well and that's why what I've also observed is, like, there's so many blurred lines and just the wall clarity. And where I see it most obvious is you know, as we're getting a product or a new feature out of the gate, like, our go to market motions are really Yeah. All over the place. They're all over the place. And I mean, the fact that we have you know, program managers that are now set up on Care Agent, on AXA Like, you you before, you know, we're trying to retro back which is fine which is fine. But I I think part of it is just the lack of role clarity. And something I'm telling I'm telling my team, like, hey. Look. You're not responsible. Necessarily for doing support job or doing CSM job, but responsible for providing the context the content for them to be able to do their best work. If we're not doing that consistently, we can't expect them to be able to do the job. They're gonna pick up the phone and call you. Right? So it's the classic, like, you know, we need to help those teams to help us do our jobs. Right? But part of it is you gotta put it in work. If you're not writing a PRD, you're not writing the the strategy of why they're not gonna have that context. We have the discipline of doing that. Now if the CSMs the support people aren't reading the FAQ or aren't reading the road map and they're just reading words, that's their problem. That I'm gonna hold to so that we can do ours. Who are right? And it's like, I can't do your job for you. Right? And so I'm being very clear. I'm I expect with my team and how we need to step up. But we I also need to be clear to them on here's what I expect of you. So that we can actually focus on our jobs. And I don't know that that comes if that conversation happened, I don't know. Forgot or what, but I don't know if that conversation's ever happened. Where this is what I expect with you. I'll give you a super simple example. I was asked to to you know, get in front of a client last week and present the road map. I was like, okay. I've been here in three weeks. To see how I do. I was like, I I'm all about jumping right in. I'm like, that's who's actually learning So I asked my team for the road map, and I got a oh my gosh. Have you seen our road map slides? They're fine. It's a word wall. It's a word wall of, like, bullets. I mean, it looks like there's there's kinda the all product road map, and then there's the backup, which is great. It was completely missing a So I put like, the honeycomb slide up. You guys know what I'm talking about. Right? Yep. You were at you Yes. If you're at UCC, it's the whole honeycomb slide that has you know, we are the AI operating system for on demand care. So I use that as the front page. I just I just lapped it together. But my point is, like, I I pitched it, I talked about it. We just spent some time on the all product bullet slide, and, luckily, they weren't asking about every bullet. They're like, what's this? They did ask, what's this? What's this? What's this? And then the thing is was pitching it with no context on the the client. And so after that call, I said, hey. How'd it go? And they said that was great. It opened up the conversation on which is what we were talking about this client. Said, hey. You don't wanna help me. What helped me is walking in, having way more context on their business strategy on this and on that It's not that the CSM didn't provide it. But it's just we didn't have time because we slapped it together. So we were optimizing for the time. Anyway, you you can see where I'm going with this, but so we agreed to, like, hey. Before we get on any of these calls, like, we need the account plan. You know, we need to that that way, we can tailor the message. So just an example, but I don't know that we've ever been explicit to those cross functional teams on this is what I need for me for me to be successful in the channel right now. This is it. So I just wanna be sensitive to time. And I wanna make sure I get two questions. But, anyway, this is a whole pitch deck. I'll send it to you guys. Yeah. I would love to have him. Thank you for letting us know what you're doing, what your vision is. I think it's it's reassuring in a way. I I know that a lot of us expect some of that, and it's almost eerie in how much it connects and aligns with what we discuss and what we talk about is you know, how we frame our presence, our approach. How we behave. All of those elements are the same, simply apply to the engineering practice rather than the product ownership practice. So we do have Dan joining to do the PCI overview. Dan, are you you you don't mind waiting for, like, ten, fifteen more minutes? On deck there? I know if he's here or me. Actually, probably not because I That that would probably pop. Oh gosh. Dan, can you hear us? I know if that the room's mic is open. But It was an open meeting directors. Yeah. So Yeah. It's open. Okay. Show in Enchanted is showing muted. Right? Yep. Yeah. I will un Grab Hey, everybody. There. So, Dan, do don't mind, like, waiting for, like, five, ten more minutes, right, while we No. Ask Clarissa a couple of questions and give her some feedback. Yeah. Okay. Alright. I have some of the questions. I don't have to worry to start with that. Or Go ahead. Yeah. Oh, hey. Somewhat thank you for sending me questions. So one of the questions is, what are the top three to five product priorities for h two? And where does engineering need to to be ahead of them? So a lot of the priorities really for me are what's on the beach. Sky. Right? And some of them so, for example, there's a couple that, like, were not as involved in or at least that I can see, like, credentialing and contracting. But a lot of them have product and tech implications that you think about it. Between kind of advancement of patient engagement with a with care agents Obviously, the touchless CMR, the platform. I mean, almost I don't know. I I haven't memorized it yet, but almost all of them have products and applications and technology and And that's not three to five priorities, though. That's part of the issue. Right? So they're all priorities, and, you know, in many ways, I've inherited them. So I think if I just were to step back, I think how do we how do we focus the resources that are aligned to those priorities and reduce the interrupters? And a lot of it is protecting their their time. And I don't know if that's impossible to do with but, you know, I I will certainly hold my team and my peers, including Bobby, accountable when those things come. And I think the way that we're structuring the teams is good, though. Insofar as we've got teams that can handle escalations and production support issues. But the teams that are working on initiatives that are growth drivers we have to protect your time. As much as possible. I think it's maybe slightly easier to do with engineering. It's really hard to do with the product guys. I and I don't know the answer yet, guys. I don't think it's easy to do with engineering. My wife's happy to do with the wife's opinion. All like, this is bunch this is the number of some team that because they, like, are we think. You ask our opinions all the time. I'm sure you do. Which is which is good, though, too, because they they think about technology as a thought partner, not just, hey. Go do it. Right? Right. But it's it's it's noise. It's noise, and there's so much context switching. So I think our business priorities are our business priorities. They're really in the sky. It's more for me as a as a leader and also as an operator that's trying to make us more efficient. It's like, how do I protect the teams? Time to focus on doing their best work? And it's not just with our execution. It's like I said, I I as I've been on my listening tour, I've heard a lot about gosh, I'm also I I have to deal with support. Issues. I'm dealing with these escalations that took up 30% of my time last I couldn't even work on a PRD if I wanted to. I've gotta dig into that. So I as you can imagine, like, Christina Boyd is my best friend right now. We're trying to figure that out. Yeah. There still seem to be a lot of overlap with your products. And customer support. Yeah. Yeah. And we need to figure out, like, what's the best way to enable that team? And that doesn't mean don't ever pick up the phone and call in a or whatever he is. But, like, how do we get that team like, humming and you know, having the information they have they they need available to them? There's no excuse with, like, we have a knowledge base. I don't know if people use it, I've got Kristen on my team with three tech writers, three. What a luxury. Right? That's awesome. I have two tech writers for forty plus products at So it's like I I'm thinking as you can imagine, I'm thinking on about all of that right now. Like, what do they become? Do they become curators of knowledge? Right. To making sure. That's probably what it's gonna boil down to. What did designers become in the new? World? So you kinda hit on my second priority is thinking about what our word starts to like. And it's not just product. I mean, we can't make changes in a vacuum without aligning with engineering and aligning with kind of the rest of the operating model because especially if we wanna start looking like one big organism, not just a bunch of different amoebas floating around. Right? So that's the other big priority for me is just how do we align product organization in a way that is consistent with our direction in travel? Becoming more of a platform company. Becoming more of an operating system with AI embedded into how we work with AI embedded into our products or or description of our clients. So that's another big priority as you can imagine. So I, you know, I'm evaluating the work structure, the talent, You know, I don't mean I'm gonna just say this. Mean, you guys are all leaders here. Like, I'm looking at design. There's no reason. That a product manager can't just have a near production ready prototype taken in hand to the engine. Yeah. Nice. No reason. And that's good design standards. A design language. This there's no reason. Ian does it. Ian and that team do it all the time. Right? And and not just that, but I think instead of static designs, being able to actually build a workflow and try it out and see how it actually works. As you use Exactly, yeah. Usability testing before we even started it, right? I know. All that? Do we do that today? Alina started doing some of that. Yeah. But it until, like, a month ago. Yeah. It's very new. Because it was all just static. Like, Figma designs. And that was it Yeah. It have some I have some more digging into there. Something that we were talking about yesterday. In this is just Scott and I both worked like, industrial designers Mhmm. Who are very good at that. I had a couple of great ones at Merola when I worked there years ago, and other places. That like because because there's kind of the visual design, which is more like the but then have here, but we don't have the real design, which is like an industrial designer. Yeah. We call them interaction designers. Yeah. There's This is the concept. But, usually, they get they go to school for industrial designs. Exactly. They're they're professionals. Like, yeah. I mean, it's like human I forgot what the major there was actually a couple majors that time. I don't even know if they existed anymore. Industrial design was the one I was Yeah. There are other ones. Yeah. But think about interaction flow. They think about different optionality with just workflow. Yeah. Right? That's And just even How does this actually feel? This is old school, like, standard artifacts, but, you know, you have the different swim lanes of interaction. Like, I'm gonna take for an example. You've got a patient interaction. You've got a front desk interaction. And then you've got, like, the workflow that supports both, and you're you're looking literally at the system. And you're designing for of that here. I don't I haven't seen one yet because I and I don't know how we do product without it. If I'm being honest, like, I'm like, right? Yes. Tells people what they do. DS tells people what to And I think that's what was a that was a hundred percent 100% how I know. I know. Yeah. So we have we have workflows that are complex. Well, and and I you can't do a workflow unless you understand and you see what the customer's doing. No. Because our customers are my knowledge, our customers are morons. Just therapy. Oh, shoot. I heard that before. They don't know what's staring at what they're doing. What they want. Yeah. They don't know what they want. So don't you don't even bother going up for the customer. So so those are just some things that I'm seeing that are kind of basic that I'm like I'm like, okay. I think AI can do that, but you still need people to, like, Yes. Apply their critical things that need to work well. So so some of my priorities is the least bad priorities, but, like, more just how do we operate? How do we increase the way that we our velocity, but part of the velocity that I'm learning is, like, getting back to some basics. That we just don't have. And then making sure that we're organizing the product team in a way that is in line with how we're moving. And so I am rethinking. Certain jobs. You know, I know we've got this thing with product managers and product analysts. I think in my old role, we call them product owners. Is that one role in the future? And I know this is gonna scare the shit out of some But right? But that the reality is like, we we all have to kinda rethink our jobs all rethinking ourselves right now. All of us. My I am. I'm rethinking my role as a leader. My old PDLC frameworks that I took with me from into to Carryo to Humana to Experian. It's not that they don't apply. They just apply differently in this world. Where build is cheaper and faster. Right? So I'm disrupting myself. I hope everyone else is too. Weirdest product feel that is not getting what it needs from engineering? Leadership? That is a great question. My I did been pulling my team as I've been doing my one on ones, and for the most part, the it it seems to me that the relationships are healthy. In some pockets, not healthy, and I think we're addressing that. Yes. But for the most part, I think it's very healthy partnership. What I am hearing, I know we have quarterly prioritization. We have all these meetings which, by the way, I'm rethinking what those look like. Thank you. And it doesn't so I know engineering leadership attends those meetings, but it doesn't seem like the teams below always get the memo. So I guess my ask is what's the best way to do it? But I also have some ideas I had a a form at my previous two company. We call them the diamond teams. It's really simple guys. They're cross functional. Cross functional safety group teams. And they weren't happening at the, like, 100 person level. They were happening at the atomic level of the products. And it's very simple. It's a product manager with their products. You know, list. It's the dev leader, the the people on the ground doing the work. It's a representative from operations a representative from product marketing. It's that core team that does work. And there, at any point in time, they could be talking about prioritization Hey. We have this new incoming How are gonna put that in the sprint? Hey. We have this thing designed. It's being prototyped. I'm doing usability testing here in the learnings. Oh, wow. This feature is going out of the shoot. We need to do go to market. We need to do readiness. Could be talking about anything, but it's all about that product. And instead of having a 100 people on the call, all debating, like, let that team be empowered to do the work. Mhmm. So I'm telling you this because I you know, my ask of you all is to cascade but, also, they don't need to cascade if we do a form like this. That's what we do on scrotal. Already doing that. I think some teens are doing and some teams aren't. Again, going going back to consistent And I'm not saying you all shall have these cross functional teams, but I I feel like a lot be solved I think we would imagine. Power the team. I think we should probably bring more CSMs. But that's not an answer. What I did. Just missing. Yeah. We definitely do the product launch here. Yeah. That that's why I feel like that's pretty tight. But but, really, it's more continual cascade to your teams, and I don't think we can we can always benefit from overcoming Yes. So if I could change one thing about how engineering partners with product, what would it be? I think it's what I just had. Just over communicating You know, you can you can bet that if I have feedback, I will share it with Suji. I will share it with Eddie. You. And and I I hope that you feel the same with me. Mhmm. Please reach out anytime, and I will give you guys my cell phone. What has the team shifted meaningfully from future factory to outcome driven? No. I I don't think so. Not yet. I think that we have the outcome mindset orientation in pockets. That's something I'm really gonna be driving with the Yeah. That's one thing I wanted to discuss. I mean, we have to answer now, but how do we actually measure those outcomes besides anecdotally. Right? That's that's been what I've struggled with. Yeah. It's trying to we're making crazy good progress. But it's not always showing up in our metrics. And I don't know Yeah. I'm trying to figure out. Yeah. I mean, full better. Full feature traceability is very hard. And, you know, not just does it become sort of buried under anything that's that's new and current. Right? But it would we struggle with implementing for a myriad of reasons the right tooling to allow us to have the right data, to do you know, some analytics. But certainly, that is important. Of the things that we have as a as as a goal amongst ourselves, right, for this team, is to determine and identify what are those OKRs, what are those metrics that we truly care about? That are meaningful and that that are not necessarily you know, process I guess, analogs or performance circus numbers. Right? How many story points did you complete? Why does that matter? Exactly. Exactly. And, like, we can't have performative metrics. Like, what what does it mean? And so and I think this is why the lack of product requirements documents, the lack of strategy, like, it starts there. Starts there. We can't measure it. It's gonna be hard to we're gonna be hard pressed to say why it's important. And that's Braddock's job. That's product's job. We have to we have to put forward the value statement, how we're measuring value, and that starts with us understanding the customer. And so I I'm again, I'm going back to basics. So the same lines. Yeah. We have it in pocket. I I see it. Yeah. Blimmers of it. Yeah. You know? So We're having a conversation. Kind of a a debate. About who owns definition of So I'd love to hear your view on that and and what product role is in that different way. Yeah. Well and thank you for asking about that because there's obviously customer workflow requirements or there's also nonfunctional requirements. And I hear we're inconsistent about that too. And again, if you have a well designed template, it's going to force the thinking. And if that's my perspective. Some of it is we just haven't asked people how to write a requirement properly. For us that know what we're measuring, and be able to to articulate nonfunctional requirements. Right? So definition of done in my mind like, we define the product will define the what and, like, the measurement of, like, the customer outcome. I think we also should be defining the nonfunctional requirements to some extent in the boundaries within you know, what's reasonable. On the tech side. So the definition of done in my mind is if we've got, like, the MVP definition, it's like we've met every of that criteria. And, you know, we're ideally also testing along with QA. That we're done. Right? Yeah. What was the debate? I'm curious. Who who was Because the who says definition of that? It should be product. It should be product. Right. But there's always engineering parts. There's engineering parts too. Yeah. And QA. Right? Yeah. 100%. Yep. Which is part of engineering. I I guess. I I think I think it's a little bit of you know, semantics is the what is that? What is the definition of that? Like, why Yes. Does it include certain nonfunctional requirements or you know, does it account for our level of confidence in signing off that this is the right way to do something. Right? But but I was focusing more on the value and what does that mean, what the objective. The value part, that's gonna come from product. And now like, certain nonfunctional requirements, like, they are standards you have for a page load. Or for a data return. Right? There's always going to be like we shouldn't all be coming at it from different angles. So, like, that's to me, like, with engineering input, actually having more input. On that. Now if there's some reason that we need to to be different, then we should talk about it and debate it. Right? On the non functional one. So but, yeah, we're working towards outcome driven. That is really, really important. And I think, again, it goes back to, like, understanding what we're solving for, not just the widget. Yes. I think that's what we've I would just love to be part of that conversation with terms of how we've been define those. Outcomes. Okay. That's it. Absolutely. We Yeah. We all should be. We all Yeah. I heard you. All of us. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. And then you talked about a depth of field to sinus. I think I understand that now. It's interaction design, and I think you're giving me feedback that I haven't dug into yet. Which is how do we do design today? Sounds like we give you the screen. I mean, that's pretty much it. Yeah. But not the interaction flow. And to me very little interaction. And then, you know, again, my no workflows. Experience with designers the past is interaction science. Because visual design I could a visual design where I mean, ChatGPT could do a visual design. Design now. You give it standards. What I think is really important in the future, again, are are and having a design language system. Right? That needs to be consistent. Because if we're gonna distribute and federate the prototyping, we shouldn't be coming up with our own designs. Right? So I don't know if we have that. I'm still figuring out I I had mentioned it to the designer and I got a quizzical look. So I was, like, a little worried about that. But I heard I heard that we have standards. I'm like, no. I mean, to the pixel, to, like, the, like, the specific cases, do we have that? I don't even codify. Because I'm very honest. I know that we have standards. Okay. I've asked for simple things like a style guide That exactly. And and and I haven't You want that thing happen to GPT or to level you and then I can I can create a prototype? Anyway Yeah. I don't mean to convey the wrong message. The amount of gaslighting that goes on when you know, when that is requested. It it it it's just not productive. But that that certainly is I think that we need to reshift and focus the value of design from being just that surface level makeup or an opinionated perspective. Into how does this need to work, how does this need to operate, why I know. And if we did usability testing, we would take opinion out of the room. Right. Correct. It seems like we don't do that. And we have focus groups I was talking to Elena yesterday at VCA. She's like, I have focus groups. I'm like, no. But do you actually, like, you know, into it, we were behind the the mirror wall. We literally watched people. We that was a very sophisticated mature operation. I'm not saying we have that here, but that's usually what we did. We live watched people do their taxes. We watched them these QuickBooks. We would cringe when they stumbled. So I was like, I would love to get to that point where we're all doing that, and we're all owning the and the pain of our customers so we can fix it. But also design and, like, prototypes, prototypes, workflow, There is no workflow at all because it is a 100% in. From the very Okay. And I'm Like, every little that. Really trying to change that. Yes. Yeah. But, yeah, hopefully, this addresses your question. What other questions do you have for me? Is there anything I said that was like, I don't agree? And that's totally right too. Think the big challenge well, one of the big challenge, you got a lot of challenges, but it wasn't a big challenge. Is gonna be this the disparate product lines You know? And because we talked about standards and style guides and we got some very different product lines. You go from you what Isaac does to what Rob does, and then, you know, the one packs you got several different know, it's a product suite, you know, really, you know, and so on and so forth. That's that's so how how do you yeah. I mean, I think you're you're you're kinda formulating your approach and how you attack that. But, you know, can you speak to that for for a minute? Yeah. I So Just to give you my selfish Yeah. Yeah. Because I'm always these guys will tell you these guys will tell you I'm always, you know, what does this do for him? But the in this particular situation, it is one area that that has been I think we collected a lot because the focus is so much on the DMR and all, you know, all of these, you types of products. So that I think that's really kind of why I'm I'm asking about that. Yeah. So the way that I'm thinking about it is there's B2C. Which is our patient engagement. And then there's b to b. And anything that's within the realm of b to b should work and feel like one experience. Full stop. You know, we're you know, I think we wanna have to be able to find a ways to find a different client base, but we still still want to be based on the day. Base, complete and our patient experience should look like one experience knowing that there's quite labeling and all of that. So but we should have standards. And when I what I think I'm now recognizing from this conversation is, you know, like, our definition of standards is not the way that I think about standards, which is down to the, like, again, pixel levels style guides. That's not the same. We need to we need to further that's slow. We can't wait on one or two individuals on the design team to design. That's what I I I was thinking Elena's brain, and she says she doesn't even see things until it's ready. Yeah. Yeah. That's She's like because that's the old school way. It's the old when I say old school, I mean, that's what we're trying to get out of the business doing. Because design has the same Yeah. Hang up from the where, you know, everything they did was dictated from whatever. But I mean, my very subjective opinion is that we also our our design is, you know, passes living in the nineteen eighties. But Yeah. That's I saw a couple of things yesterday. It was it was my little usability test of AI Scribe She's like, what do you think this eyeball needs? I've been And I was like, it means someone's seen it. But then I've seen the page too where you got it. That's what it means. That's And it makes no sense. But then I saw the eyeball it in different contacts. When someone when front desk can see the communications. And I was like, we are completely mixing two things. So it just you it just was like, but no one bothered we didn't use ability test. I have been complaining about these things. So anyway, I I saw enough. Let's see it that way. If that's indicative of how we 've been operating. But but, yeah, I I think so I as you can imagine, I'm looking at everything right now. I'm looking at technical right And it's like, what does doesn't mean like, AI can write a bunch of stuff if you put the right context in. Like, my tech writers under Kristen shouldn't be chasing down screenshots. And chasing down content to write release notes. We're doing this right, got strategy docs, PREs that have been up to date, because I know it changes. But it's easy to keep them up to date. And you got a style guide. You got a voice guide and a style guide. Guess what? AI is gonna do a lot of that for you. You still need curation? You still need someone to review it. But that's what I see. Was like, the the tech writers in the future world might be knowledge Right? Like, let's think about titles that are more in line with what the new job is. Like, the new job might be industrial. Designer. It might be standards guidelines as well as workflow or experience designers or something. Right? I've used experience designers who started the top show the workflow Right. And then and then now the That's exactly right. If a product manager can now create a prototype that we can give to you guys, Okay. That and by the way, we're not just gonna give it to you. We're gonna take you along the journey with us. You what we're trying to do. Right. Right? So Yeah. Because, Damien, opened the door for that. That is anyway, I was a long winded answer to your question, but I I feel like we need to be consistent But again, guidelines not overengineered roles. Yeah. And I and and I and I like the fact that you touched on the workflow and the usability design because I was say, like, you know, we we don't actually get you know, UI. You know, our developers are creating, you know, UIs. But for for us on Onepack, it's mostly okay because we kinda know what it needs to do. The thing that we miss though is is, like, in our in the viewers. How does a radiologist use this? Because we're not radiologists. Mhmm. So we're making a lot of guess on that side of things. I would love to to shadow and understand how they're using our software. Right. Right. Right? Yep. Yeah. Anyway, I'm not gonna No worries. So what I was gonna say is that there's there's problem to solve maybe. It's a challenge. That's been latent since we merged with OnePaks. And and it is amongst many other concerns It's a matter of identity. For one packs as which which still sort of operates as a as a separate organization, as an appendage. And so there's just challenges on the engineering side. There's challenges on the product. Side is that how where does it belong as part of Xperity? Damian still falters in that, and he always says, us at at one pack. You guys at Xperity. It's it's not. It is one one PAX is a product instead of products within Xperity. Right? It's a I'm not No. You calling you out on that. No. I mean, it's true. It's true. It is a matter of identity. Too from Hailey and Yes. Well, it's because we are separate. You know, we're it it's it's kinda I said it yesterday. It's just kind of an apartheid situation, you know, with us a little bit. But you if you if you look at the communication that goes out, you know, about Wimpacts, OnePaks, a fully owned subsidiary of Xperity. Yeah. You know? I mean, we are that's how we are described. Interesting. We just call it Xperity Warmpax. Yeah. Right? So that's my point is that there's something to be aware of, and I do I know that there maybe are discussions around aligning that you know, sense of identity belonging what what is our positioning in terms of like, you know, some of our independence, though? Yeah. But it it goes it goes much deeper than this the unification of style, and standards Mhmm. Although that's part of it. Yep. I'll continue to, you know, Yeah. Beat him over the head with that as well. But But I think the other the other thing is, like like I all the comments I was making about having standard product artifacts. A strategy, understanding measurement, what are the outcomes, like, PRDs. That should all apply to one PACS as well. Yeah. Because I I think we're not showing up consistently right now with products. And and I think it actually should almost more because we have requirements for that. As part of the FDA process. Exactly. We need it audit trail of all the documentation. Right. And that's and that's not addressed right now. I've been managing it as best as I can. But having the you know, and you've said it to me before. You shouldn't be doing that part, the requirements for the FDA, that should be product doing. We've never had somebody, but we never had product. Which was my response the airline. Yeah. So now we do. But I'll tell you, they're so slammed right now, and they're trying to wrangle support on the CSM side and on the sales side. And, you know, it's yeah. They're they're I know. That that's something I gotta again, I gotta understand a little bit more on, like, what are what are they being asked to do? Is it because we're not enabling them, or is it because they're I I don't think they are they are connected. Okay. To the product organization. And so Okay. The directive and there's not many and there's not many and it's very thin. Like, there's there's only one support person. There's no CSM. There's one salesperson who also does expiry stuff. You know? So it's Okay. It's a very thin layer of support. And it then the wall and the and the line is very blurred between Xperity Tellur radiology and one Experity Teller radiology is a one packs customer. But because the and, you know, be but because the same organization structure governs both of them, the lines get just get very blurred in terms of, you know, who why is there only one person doing this? You know? Isn't there a whole team yeah. So it's it's it's an interesting situation. It's and I don't I have any solution on that side, but I'm sure Hailey's talked to you about some of that stuff. She is. And I I need yeah. I'm spending time with her. More time with her does She's a good person to spend time with. Yeah. What other questions? I know that this is, like, a lot. Of time. So thank you for the time. We appreciate how you're making the time to come. Share with us. Absolutely. Any any questions from you to us? How can I help? What are the biggest priorities that you see that I can address immediately? And I think you've already gotten a sense for what all the things that I can be focused on Right now, it's more just, like, pacing ourselves. Like, what's the right order in which to do things? I'm gonna give you the easy answer to that. It sounds like from what you've what you've been describing, I think you are tackling things in the right order. It sounds to me like you're you're approaching it from the right ankle. That yeah. That's my yeah. It was a when I I brought this up. I've been thinking about this new process for working with product. For little while. Was know, now that I can create an entire design, entire systems, put it into Jira, super quick. And so when I asked Amber to start creating PRDs, I didn't realize that you already talked to her about this because that never really existed Anyway, so it was interesting, though. I guess she was already I didn't realize that she was already working on that. Well, I haven't rolled it out yet. I haven't rolled it out yet, but I definitely want I I am going to be asking our team to have a stairs. Set of artifacts. And we can't do it retro, but we can do it going forward. And I actually asked Ian help with templates because that will also increase the likelihood of him doing it if it came from bedroom. Because he, you know, he's tended to do things you know, differently. I think when you're given the charter of Yes. Being the zero one and innovator, it's just a different style. I'm, like, okay. I worked with these before. You asked them to do it and help guide the team. I guess what I asked them to do. An EM comes from start up. Yeah. Like, I Exactly. Exactly. I think there's a happy medium. Right? There's, like want you still need documentation, but it doesn't have to be the the the old days of the 10 page PRDs. Doesn't have to do that. We need context. Like, if we want the AI to work in our favor, we need data. We need information. We need We need content. And that's that's where I'm like, okay. That is a that is, like, a nonnegotiable for us. What is the source of truth without it implying that it's inflexible, that it without implying that there are, you know, contributions from others, but at least you're aligning and centering on that. And and and you use it as at least some rails. Exactly. And and I think too, again, this is important as we become more of a platform, of an operating system. And like, that's going to help also lead requirements to what we need to do. And I platform is a whole other conversation that I know it's a whole other TV And we're we we have the beginnings of, like, becoming a data platform. And and if our car is now here, thinking about how we layer orchestration and AI agents on top of it. It's like that that structure is gonna be so important. Right? So yeah. Guys know my back. I'm like, I it was awesome to have, like, been a product leader over data. Platforms because I have such an appreciation for all of that now and not just Apple teams. So yeah. Well, I and I wanted to just thank you for what you did with care agent. We're going through a really, really rough storming period at as you were. Oh, yeah. Well aware with resources and just direction on in things. And it what what was great about it was if you weren't there, it would have been us against product. Whereas you came in and you were aligned with at at your level, and it made it much better to to get through that storming phase and and and get that clarity you talked about and and have that sheer understanding. And and since that that really pivotal meeting we had, with the spreadsheet, it it's it's been so much smoother. So Good. I think we're gonna need need more of that alignment between the two. They they get even better. Yeah. No. That's so important. Like, my partnership with you all, with Saji especially. Right? They have to hear consistently. You all have to hear consistently from the two of us. Yes. Will say this. I just thought of something. There's a lot of FUD fear, uncertainty, doubt. On the GCC. So much right now. I I I think it's talked about for six months. Talked about for a while. So it's like, okay. It's not for lack of communication. We know it's coming. I know, like, I think it's coming to our plan that was supposed to be April 1. According to our principles, it'd be November. I know. And and it's in our plan. Right? It's in our plan. To GTCR, to our sponsors. And so as can imagine, the product team is just feeling a lot of because we have a lot to do, and we don't we don't wanna miss a beat. We don't want our execution to slow down. We don't want our customers to feel the know, there there's gonna be some impacts to productivity and throughput. As we go through this. And I know the idea is, like, we we derisk it by you know doubling. Right? Continuing to keep our contractors on while we're ramping. With the GCC. But I I I don't know how to fix it, guys. I just wanted you to be aware because the team is just they're short of freaking out. I think I I think this team has a similar reaction. A more temporary we've had plenty of competition for that. I I it's it's recognizing a couple things. It will happen. Eventually, it will happen. Yeah. It it's definitely significantly short of desirable. And we have a lot of doubts, but we had it remain optimistic. And the other thing is it's a known fact. That we need to operate within, and we have to be responsible in how we ready ourselves for it, which is in big part of life. For instance, we have competitions around having all the job descriptions and roles very well defined so that when it comes time to find the right talent, provided by the GCC. We're doing the best we can. But there's some quality maybe maybe maybe not because that's you know, we we don't know. Right? It's an unknown element here. But we can't change it. And so not not to invalidate the people are freaking out freaking out. It does not solve anything. Right? It's just be ready. How how can we help with the planning? I think that's the question. Like, you know, we the work isn't going away, you know, somehow we're trying to change things out. While we're flying. It's like, how how do we do this without crashing? That that's what I think we're trying to Maybe we don't crash, like, we don't wanna lose, like, 100 feet altitude. Like, so how do we how do we do this? And I think my timeline would be a huge thing because The what? The timeline Because we've been it's been talked about for so long. And and, you know, it's like, well, what? It it could happen tomorrow. It could happen in in Since we don't have control of that. So what what do we have control over? Right. So I'm just wondering. Is is right. So but is there any kinda, like, you know, estimated timeline, or is there anything It's it's it's like an I'm hearing, like, May. Like, the it's it's going to be a role It's not gonna be all at once. And I know if there's like, do we have a schedule? That's what that's the question I have. And maybe it's a surgery question, but I I know he's It's a it's just a g question, but I don't think he has the answer, the specific answer to that. Yeah. So I also here's my question. What is that how does that change? What you're doing right now to prepare for it in terms of timing other than knowing because it's good to It'll schedule it'll schedule some of the preparation. And turn it The preparation doesn't need to be scheduled. It needs to happen now. That you we prepare now because we know it is imminent. Fair answer. And so you can't wait until the fur until the last minute. You'd yeah. Yeah. Like that. And if we can help with the planning I mean, for us from our perspective, we're bringing the priorities in the backlog. We know what's hitting customers. We know what commitments are. We wanna make sure that we're setting expectations appropriately if we know that we've got a commitment to XR or urgent team, that's gonna land in the next six weeks. Like, we need to just know if we think there's risk. Yeah. I mean, the the key is when new contractors Mhmm. Disappear, because it's gonna be at least three months before once this GCC actually starts, whatever that is, be at least three months before we have a team that can really do Mhmm. Be productive. Yes. Extract. Yeah. So, I mean, is that the plan? Should we expect almost of every team there's gonna be an overlap of contractors to GCC, and we're gonna probably spend more until they're up and running. And it's the case, and maybe it's okay, and we don't worry about it. That's that's kind of what I think thinking is that I I'm planning on for one, we actually start the GCC. Three months before we have a team up and running that's actually productive. There's an overlap here. And then ideally, we have an overlap or if we don't, then we're gonna not deliver stuff. Right. So so here two options. Here's what's gonna happen. When we know, the firm dates for when GCC will happen, that at that point is a signal for us to start to plan the roll off for the contractors. Until then, nothing happens. So it's it's like Fair enough. We don't need to freak out because we can't do anything. Right? There's no expectations. That anything will happen, and then when the GCC gets enabled. Right. The only that I was gonna say is that if we don't have if we don't extend those contractors, then we gotta plan what falls off. Right? But there's I I know that there's a fear that that will happen. That hasn't been stated anywhere. Right? Like, we need to get rid of we need to off board the contractors as soon as responsibly possible. Should we just assume we're not going to miss any of our dates? At this point? There's going to be some impact to quality and there's gonna be some impact to capacity. That that is expected. If we if if it doesn't happen and we, you know, in a way, look out or, you know, things work out, better than sort of that slightly not pessimistic, but you know, measured optimistic. Scenario, there there will be some impact to capacity. There's times that ramp up. Mhmm. Individuals. But what we need to do is cycle by cycle, whatever that translates to. It's not necessarily sprint to sprint. Is know that we have a dependency on existing contractors, and that's potentially impacted by some knowledge transfer has taken their attention away from it. And we found GCC or a handful of resources are joining the team. Eventually, you know that there's gonna be a replacement for that. In that middle period, account for it to be about six weeks. Six weeks to eight weeks, of overlap. It's a sliding window. Right? There's couldn't be it's just a minor internal element of chaos. Communicate what you said earlier. Communicate over indexing the communication we should be okay. It's not I I don't think that anyone has the expectation that nothing falls through the cracks. As we're transitioning through the GCC onboarding process. But it's also not Pull the roof out from under us. And all contractors are gone. Now figure things out with GCC. Are we sure that's the case? Because what I do is few weeks ago, he basically said, look. He's going away at the May. And GCC has not started. And there was no plan at all. That he offers for He was kind of a fuzzy things may happen. Things may not. But he didn't say anything. So you know what we can do to counteract that is this, like, what what do we do to derisk our customer? Commitments? And if if it means, like, you work with Elena and team, you you work with your counterpart to say, this is this is what we need in order to not miss these, you know, AFC or FF. Yeah. I mean, we have huge shipments in the next three months. Yeah. And so Yeah. Yeah. And right now, Loca is scheduled to disappear at the May. And there's Loca different. Loca, yes. Loca, no more contract. Loca is different. But, yes, See, that's that's guarantee. Yeah. If you take up Loca, that's more than half my team. And we're not gonna deliver anything. So you there's this good chart that doctor Jim all have put together, that has, like, Yeah. Five 100 every day. We can end of June, but we're not So so there's an interim solution, and that's what we were talking about yesterday with miss Dora. We could onboard But we can't offboard six engineers. Before Brian. No. No. We can't off board six people who know what they're doing. And then bring out a whole new team and expect that to mean anything. It's gonna be three months before they're decent because you have to hire people that actually start, get permissions, and they have to finally come up to speed. So we can With the Mistura? By providing resources earlier than at the May from Mistura, we'll have another overlap with Mistura Resources and Loca. We can't keep hiring new teams for, like, two months. But there's no alternative, though. They're not gonna it's not gonna be useful. Like, we can spend money on that team for two months, they're not gonna do anything because they have time to get up to speed on anything. It's literally burning me. I think what would help us is a plant. Like a detailed plan by team, and then I think where we can layer on is, like, okay. You know, we know what the stakes are for AI. Correct? We got that's that's touchless CMR. We won't even get adoptions when we hit these Right. Q two deliverables. So it's like And that is a hundred percent higher than this is from this is gonna go away. And, like, to me, that's the best way I know to go to Bobby say, you know, we can't do this. We need to take that chart to doctor Humala. Cannot do this. Here's why. Or if we can, you run the risk. Do we wanna run the risk of not Well, I mean, there's not a risk. It's a hundred percent not gonna happen. Okay. And this is But but is that an absolute as in everything? I understand that there's the the plan is it's laid out right now. In its entirety. It it's it's it it's naive to think that we would be able to execute it if we cut off Loca at the end of talking about the the 2026 plan. Specifically, I'm talking about the q '2 plan Doctor. About 500 clinics that are ready to sign. If we get these features that we have for q '2. Yeah. If we don't, that means 500 or fewer clinics and a huge amount of missed revenue because we wanna cut off contractors two months or not. Yeah. I understand. But it's not like we want to cut contractors two months already. I know that that is something that needs to be elevated in bring awareness to help. Have the conversation on and say, like, I would I would recommend that we don't trying to talk to people Understand that there's also that perspective is missing. Because I I don't know how else to say it. Without any real rhyme reason, Loco was mouth bad mouths. As as as part of this. And so there's an inherent desire to put ties with a lot work with Amazing. I I I agree with you. I'm just saying that we need to understand that that is why at some point, decision was made, and it seems like it's an absolute now there's a reality to how that impacts this element and this component of revenue commitments revenue related commitments that we would be challenged to deliver without the right team. That should be brought up into the conversation. Now I would caution that we've had the same issue and that same conversation is is the the conflict that was generated with GenuI. Right? Is that was always an conversation. We can't do it without GenUI. We can't do it without GenUI. UI. And I'm not saying we can't do it that little bit, but this q two is like, incredibly critical. Yeah. And we have no plan to for anything else. And it's too late to make another plan. Like, how many how many We've started we've started ramping up a new contracting team three months ago by by if we're starting out, 100%, we're not gonna So, legitimately, you think it takes three full months to get something out of it? You gotta you have to hire people The the ramp is And then IT has to get permissions. They have to get onboard. That's It it's, like for eight weeks. That's it's six weeks to get things up to speed. The code base. Just have two weeks to get them. I mean, I'll let me talk to we'll talk to Sydney because I'm like, and that's why I'm like, maybe it's my team my team. Like, it's gonna they're gonna be a little walk. Period, a roll, you a roll off and a transition DC Because the Loco team knows they've been on this for a year. They know exactly how the system works. They understand it. A new team would take at least three months to be close to the that they're running. Yeah. That's a that's a that's a bullet we have to bite, though, at some point. Yeah. And then the problem is that we're saying because the GCC is not ready, we haven't been able to do that. And thus, it extends the risk associated with this q two deliverable Yes. In the interim part, our solution is doesn't measure up because the solution would be to bring say, a contractor for three months or for six months It could also be that. Right? But that still necessarily address doesn't make sense because you have it there's always a huge ramp up. It takes time. Even with AI, can't understand I agree. You can't get your mental context out to speed that fast. It's just a fact. Like, I think have I did not mean to open the can of works with GCC But I mean, GCC Mhmm. Yes. It's on everybody's minds right now. It's no opening of can of worms. This is a this is this is the the type of visibility that this covers needs to have. Yeah. If not further away like a plan. Like, I would know I would love to know a team by team plan. Like, what is that look like? How do we sequence? What's the big Uber plan? Of everything? But, also, what is the risk of like, you just noted for your team what the risk is. What's the risk for everyone else? And then working with your product partners to say, here's here's kind of what we recommend And it's you know, we're probably not gonna like the answer because we like to spend more. Order to transition to one of the risk revenue. We will find the expenses elsewhere, guys. We will. I ensure you. Assure you. We'll have with Kerry. We've met that same position. Right? So we just need to ask for what we need. That's that's what I enjoy. Oh, I I think I'm in. But so far, we've been told. If we're gonna be outcome And what is it? If we're gonna be outcome focused, we should ask There you go. Yeah. And the math is not working out. That's I keep saying that to Bob I'm like, I it's how long. It's just does not include. Right? So Not heading up. Yeah, I mean, please, like, I will message you guys Teams me. Text me if you need if you just wanna have a one on one and chat and I'm happy to talk about your team's situation, if there's anything I can address with the product side of the house. There's anything that I didn't address that you want to let, Clarissa, please take care of this. Like, message me. Yeah. You did ask what you could do in the short term, and I think that's way too early. Mean, we need to I mean, this is all Yeah. Really about understanding what your where your vision is and, you know, what are the things that we're doing. So we need hour. Yeah. And we need we need we what do you bring to table, what you're all about, and your background, all that's great. It's informative. We don't I don't have expectations that things obviously, you know, shift meaningfully in a super quick reactive way. There's no big bang solution to a lot of the problems. But in the short term Yeah. I think that, you know, you you're definitely saying a lot of things as part of your plan, as part of your intent to align resonate with all of us, which is a good thing. But not to necessarily beat on the dead horse, but it is AI, and it's the acceleration and it's the adoption of AI and the embracing of AI. Which I still don't necessarily see. Across product. And I there's some exceptions and there's some pockets. But what I would like to see is that something that doesn't depend on anything else. Right? No. No. No. That's that's I should have said that as a priority. And that's part of the people priority. I need to look at the team, but also, like, have to pick up pick a couple tools and run with it and start doing it. But I think I've had the foundation first, which is having a consistent set of like, get some of that stuff done. In the meantime, Andrew Hamilton who is on Prius team, kind of our AI champion. And so he's helping identify a couple of key tools. I'm trying to get prod cowork, but I think we're gonna have to just settle with Claude, you know, Claude Cohen CLI for us to kind of play I think we might be using Lovable as well, but I'm gonna make a case that because I know we're trying to also cut vendors and expenses. But think you know, if we want us to be kind of AI embedded and enabled on PDLC, like, need some probably also five coding tools. So Yeah. Those are those are very good and valuable tools. I'm gonna put another tool on your radars Okay. The chat BRD. Chat PRD. Yeah. Literally. And it's you know, there's a lot of PRD templates and one pagers from industry product leaders Okay. Yeah. That yep. Yeah. No. AI, I should have just said it, but, like, that's huge priority for me. Bobby is, like, do it. Enable. Yeah. And and yeah. That's and absolutely, I think Andrew is a, you know, is a great champion. Is Kristen. Kristen, I think, has embraced it. And she's gonna be critical because, again, I'm she's gonna be more product operations, meaning standards, templates, measurement measurement of minimum standards. I'm gonna be rolling out minimum standards in the next two weeks. Exactly what I told you. Right? Like, these are the expectations to to be able to sit here. And and participate. So yeah, if you if you haven't figured out, I do business with, like, my expectations of the team and I'm excited to doing great things together with guys. So and, you know, if you're not seeing some of this, it's not gonna happen overnight, but if you're not seeing some of the changes start to materialize and how the product team is showing up, give me a feedback. Mhmm. You're not tackling. You're just holding us accountable. So Cool. Awesome. Thank you guys so much. It was really nice to meet you. Good stuff. I'm gonna be here until tomorrow. So And we'll see you again on lunch. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Thank you for letting me stay the extra. We appreciate you making the time. Oh, of course. Is so important this time. So thank you. For that? Yeah. I I respect going down. Okay. Thank you. Bye bye. Thanks. Bye. Your your Oh, that's important. Oh, that's where all the secrets were. Right? Bye. So make sure they held on to that Maybe. Absolutely. Doesn't an elf go on? Thank you. Fileboard? Yes. Thank you. Bye. 